hello everyone and welcome to episode of
27 of hotline Li I am in a hotel room
there is a beautiful man mark Z is we
don't know where he is but he's
somewhere because MSI is happening and
Mark doesn't feel at home anymore in his
own house because Team Liquid lost
that's right
they lost I'm now moving on to the
group's to air to the playoffs after the
group stage we're gonna be talking about
that we're gonna talk about fnatic going
forward should have some EU colors
because we're actually on an EU time but
nothing we're watching whatever here we
go hot line League episode 27 starts
right now
luckily League is brought to you by open
by HP and here we are on hot line League
I know it's a little bit of a different
vibe audio might be a little different
we're missin some of the colors because
I'm I'm on a remote what do you do
Rodin's doing weird and it's listen
it's a different show because I'm in a
brick downgrade and it no way is the
lack of viewership a correlation to that
quick we we actually so this is true
story I tried to get I tried to get an
EU personality on the show the EU
personas I asked declined because they
said oh this is we got a show tomorrow
I wanna relax this is my one day off so
they didn't come on so EU people we're
watching the show your personalities
failed you I'm sorry we wouldn't love to
have one of them on there's a they could
have sat on that on the bed next to
Broden it would have been amazing but it
didn't work out so that's a little too
bad yeah we I mean not like not like I
used to do LCS and then come home and do
another show every one day I can't
imagine what that'd be like yeah well
listen people need to get their stuff
together um yeah so we by the way are
filming this on this is a Thursday it's
Thursday
here and Thursday there so it's Thursday
the 17th and
we got MSI playoffs starting tomorrow
let's check in with mark mark how are
things going for you because you've just
I've been gallivanting around Europe you
are what are you doing um yeah me too
I'm in Europe right now you can tell by
how the room is lit and things on the
walls behind me
clearly not my apartment so it must be
Europe I've also been with staying up
and watching the games every night
that's pretty much what I've been doing
I made a disc I made a video you
probably didn't watch it he wants the
one about Olli and I and the anxiety and
stuff uh-huh I didn't watch it I was
yeah that was the title so I def yeah
I've been a little busy mark cuz well
you made that one a video I made a
million videos including a cinematic
masterpiece with bread whatever continue
your story that was bad you didn't like
it yeah and you're not an actor what I
heard what Brennan thought it was good
Bruin you pay Britain are you gonna tell
your boss you suck he tells me Matt
frequently so what else you did the show
there's really not much else I start
playing Guild Wars 1 because I'm up late
at night there's a lot of other games
that have come out since Guild Wars 1 a
lot worse still a little bit yeah other
than that I had a bunch of pizza last
night that's great nothing so great with
me yeah well let's before we get into
calls because I'm sure there will be
some calls about the spy I don't know
you want to give your thoughts on the
group stage and potentially specifically
team like win yeah so we did a gelt a
couple days ago where I went you know
pretty in-depth on it it was amazing
that North America could horribly
disappoint us twice in a single group
stage but they managed to do it yeah
that's actually pretty good
they looked terrible four out of
the first you know two days we think
that we have no chance then they
proceeded to have destiny in their own
hands where the
need to win one of two games and they
lose both those games yeah and they in a
pretty embarrassing way I'd say I don't
know how you felt that I know I felt
like those those two games were neither
of them are pretty good fnatic just felt
like they had Team Liquid by the cojones
yeah I think losing the RNG asking like
whatever that's fine but then losing to
to Europe in that fashion where wasn't
even close was like no goddamn it and
like I'm pretty seemingly tilted Europe
I mean they played well that game but I
mean it I don't know they did not look
good earlier a little bit like zero zero
three in their last three games or C I
think so one of them to a like already
disqualified evokes yeah so it was not
enjoyable
yeah do you are you angry are you what
I'm like so I that interview with Brock
SIA that went up yesterday and he was
saying that I'm a fan should be happy
that their team was able to like pull
almost pull it through after such a
rough start yeah I mean I would say I
know I'm not disappointed in the outcome
like I think North America showed that
like we're pretty close to the other
regions we just barely didn't make it in
a tiebreaker and if you told me going
into the event that North America
doesn't get a groups in a tiebreaker I
would be like alright you know like
that's that's not that bad but it's the
fashion that it happened in because like
if they didn't have such bad nerves and
confidence issues in the first two days
they probably can win one more game
and like I know I don't want to make
excuses like every team plays bad every
team has mistakes RNG like was jet lag
the first couple days and all that stuff
but only one team has ever had a player
bench themselves you know so it's like
hard not to be frustrated about that
it's it's still a little on first I
thought they didn't or he didn't bench
himself then I thought he did because
Cain said it and then in the interview
that dodo did with me he was like yeah
so we approached him about it and he
decided to step down I'm kind of like so
did he bench him or did you guys ask him
if he wanted to bench himself because
those are kind of two different
situations
I like had Olli you're not feeling well
like we hear you freaking out on stage
and then like you had was freaking out
during the screams according to do to
watch that interview one of the only
ones I did because it was actually
useful and then it sounded like they
were probably like Olli are you okay and
then he was like no bench me or
something yeah but that's how I came
across to me yeah I know well I don't
know I'm pretty disappointed people can
see the video where I'm I'm acting I
guess but it was funny so the behind the
scenes of that video and I the reason
why I explained this is for context like
Brody and I it was it have been raining
outside where we normally do the
interviews and and I think I was like
how funny would it be if like at the end
of the video I'm just like covered in
rain you know like that's just a shot of
me out there and so we we came up with
the idea of like win or lose and at the
time we thought they were gonna win
because again they just need to win one
of like these two games and one of which
was against like fnatic and so we came
up with the idea of okay after the game
ends I will walk outside and I will look
up and if they win I just look at the
camera with the rain pouring down on me
and I just say like I just smile and say
it's raining or whatever and then if
they lose go out there and I'm just like
it's raining and I look sad so we had it
one way or the other the funny thing was
we whatever well it's not that funny
whenever they actually lost in such an
embarrassing way I didn't want to do
that it was funny I didn't want to do
people on the podcast don't know that
you're just making up to Fester's I
didn't want to do the video I was like
Roden had to kind of talk me back into
it because we had everything else but I
was like so frustrated so like we I
actually walked out because I knew that
I needed to and we hit a cut at the
drapes and I walk outside and it's not
even raining we have planned on it to
rain and it just stopped raining I'm
just like so frustrated angry
and sad because I was just literally
just like just watch that I'm like it's
dog it just stopped raining so it's just
even brewing the whole video -
but I was actually really disappointed
upset and then and so then brought me
back into it and we did another cut from
those drapes and I walked outside upset
but we were not I actually never seen
that scene and then everybody was like
oh this is like that scene from that one
anime and I was like I see me but I like
once before I forgot about it so that's
frustrating yeah well sorry I don't know
what happened
yeah I mean I read it loved it
yeah popped off so yeah oh good on you
hello my camera just lost itself oh
we're back I don't know what's happening
hopefully this is happening I didn't
touch anything it just did that all
right well why don't we get into some
calls do you want to explain how this
works cuz we probably have a lot of
viewers that have never seen this before
you kitties out there we have a discord
that Travis and I are on right now
spamming it in the chat discord on TV /
Travis yeah I got that mean no I didn't
remember that there's also the other
link so you can use Travis or mine there
when you join there's gonna be two
things you need to do first up you need
to join one of the voice channels pleb
calls or pleb calls to once you are in
those voice channels you're gonna go
type in the text channel pleb topics and
put in whatever your takes are for this
episode and since it's obviously msi
focused who impress you who you just
pointed in did you like the venue was it
hype or not
did you are you really bored with it
did you like the meta whatever you guys
possibly want to talk about go in that
plops topic write down your take so not
like I want to talk about the meta be
like I thought this meta was boring
because midlaners just pushed or
something like give me your actual take
not just
want to talk about you say I want to
talk about I'm banning you from the
discord otherwise yeah go to the discord
and and people ask about this we do have
if you are a twitch sub you get access
it takes a little bit to sink sometimes
but it allows you to get access on the
discord to a sub chat in the sub chat so
by the way I need to move the hollandic
section up in these sub chats where you
put in your conversation you can just be
your topic there because it's more
likely that you'll get picked because
there's less people spamming so it gives
you a little bit of an advantage but we
pull people of course that are not subs
and subs so that's how that works
that is how this works
hope you guys have some good calls
hopefully no one is too crazy but I
guess while mark is looking for callers
do you have anyone yet no I uh there
weren't that many people in because
European timezone is letting us down
okay well listen actually I mean we're
getting viewers they're starting coming
um I also just coughed up a lung so I'm
dead I don't know why my coughs worst
this week I was sick last week like
actually sick because North America lost
oh it's a my body's way of expressing
its disappointment is exactly a couple
of people to shout out while we're
getting a sit-up
by the way it was very funny I did the
reckless and I posted the reckless
doublelift interview earlier and within
the I got three donations from that
through the support link within the
first like 30 minutes or so all three of
them from women I got to tell you guys
as well as they dudes I wash my content
thank you to dragon strike or nylon one
tan glue who recept be Lu Forte be a
chicken real foxy gifted us up to Brolin
Mar to five eight six matter XD the
8-bit creeper opt SM fan reset and says
I left
I love Travis I love Marcia love Kelby I
tolerate comfies little chance markers
and I love omen by HP I'll keep
supporting you forever win boy so we
should be getting any second and another
car our first caller Lu Kim sent five
dollars thinking for the double F
reckless interview and all the other 10%
of the content edit everyone in the
waiting room is muted on discord if you
when you get pulled in you got on mute
so I can test your microphone and
come on you're up is there is it not a
are they meeting themselves I hope that
okay yeah okay
they're they're clearing it up already
okay good you guys are making this tough
Europe Tabasco Expo burrito reset for
five months holy up and wasting my
money four five once already
Wow I thank you for the five months
Fraga bait light recept five months be
smart four months and a technic subbed
there we got somebody mr. Tim pani has
joined the show where he calling from
mr. Tim pani Connecticut okay so do you
like this times out or do you like that
we're doing this show much earlier than
normal totally fine totally fine to stay
up until the typical you know midnight
showing that it is you've been okay with
that the semesters I usually stay for
most issues well thank you for calling
in mr. Tim pani what do you want to talk
about on the show I'm so I was kind of
just with a lot of threads they see on
reddit like on TIA like
shooting other players and stuff so I
kind of just wanted to have a more
positive outlook and say like I mean
they were 0 for a long point but after
they after that they end up like way
some games and I was like wow like it's
kind of strange that if he would be able
to in general just perform sleep so well
and he was a 4-1 record after that yeah
they had a pretty good streak they were
after foreign to
laughter yeah yes I was kind of like
okay I respect that yeah yeah I mean
that was okay and I think that's like I
said it was it was nice burial to show
that North America could compete but it
is very hard not to be disappointed
about that yeah just like I wanna have
some positive spin on this because I
don't want to adhere after year have
only like the first see from na just not
perform its whatever yes yeah I think
for me so they all did send an
interesting thing in the interview with
him that I did with him where he was
saying I asked him I think this was
after Thiele gone zero for maybe it was
after they won their first game I assume
you know how how much should people be
angry about this like how much not hate
but like criticism and and whatever the
reddit stuff and he said he said that he
felt that it was deserved towards
teamliquid like the concept and brand
and the team of Team Liquid they should
be held to a pretty high standard
because they're spending a lot on these
players the resources they put them they
know they've got the static a training
facility Wisie that they can ever pull
this off but then then maybe not like
send that criticism and that hates the
individual players themselves because
they are kind of people actually I think
that's probably a fair assessment like
even if you are disappointed with the
way that some of the players played like
taking on your anger on them is not
going to help but being disappointed in
team like with the organization for
being unable to like whatever doing
whatever they needed to make this thing
work
maybe that's fair I think depending on
how the players quote-unquote because
like if you're going on reddit and being
like man that really sucks about oleh he
probably shouldn't be there support if
this is a thing like that's gonna happen
and he's had confidence like if someone
want to make that argument on reddit
that's that's me is not like attacking a
player you're doing it on a public
discussion forum for like people to talk
about esports things he's not like going
on that guy's Twitter and being like go
yourself like if you go on
Twitter inflame them I have a problem
with that but if you go on reddit and
say things like I don't think this
players should be on the team or he lost
in this tournament or whatever your
thought is like I actually don't have a
big problem with that as long as like
you're not just saying this player
and you're actually like having a
discussion around it yeah yeah I can see
that
yeah like the discussion thing I think
is pretty good like oh like a
discussion thread it's like should team
like couldn't make a roster change maybe
some people will bring that up I don't
know applied I think that that's a good
healthy thing but sort of just that
needless like I don't think it's good to
just be like oh Lisa first two days
people were so inseparable on reddit
they like North America struck such a
joke of a region I want to myself as a
North America fed yeah Bob North
America and it's like wrong with you
yeah there's like one the problems that
teamliquid had in the first two days
were not at all reflective of the entire
region or maybe they are but we'll get
into that with another caller I think
yeah it's not like North America like we
completely sucked because these five
guys choked onstage for the first two
days before getting it together it's
like that's not really specific I think
it was from the last world but it was
like na is so free yeah I mean
that's that's the thing about red you go
on there for some some post some
memes and occasionally a discussion or
two but you can't you can't take it too
seriously hopefully which is sad as the
primary discussion please so mr. Tim
painting like what so do you are you are
you as practice said are you proud of
North America for because like you know
just barely in the 11th hour and didn't
make it but you know yeah I got you all
right well
I don't know do you have anything else
that you'd like to chat about before we
move on to the next color
I don't know I guess people don't listen
knobby 1990 I think it's 1995 said a
second ago that reddit reddit has been
like particularly shitty lately and I
kind of agree with that okay not
everybody but I there's been like a
weird culture of like frustration and
anger even before MSI people were upset
with oh sorry my camera froze before
that gets fixed um even before MSI there
was this weird frustration I don't know
it's just odd yeah I definitely saw a
lot of it during that event like I know
we talked about before and I was like
yeah it's it's kind of like that but
it's it feels like everyone's just bored
because there's no international
competition and then like it was still
bad and it's still people have just
refocused from MSI right now onto a like
the jungle changes which I understand
you're dumb I get it but it's like a
page like eight threads just like faulty
jungle riot oh uh yeah unfrozen I'm
trying to I'm trying to fix it right now
but we'll see no okay well Lina does
move on it's an improvement in some ways
mr. mr. Tim Patti thank you so much for
your call really appreciate it thank you
I hang on let me see it Liam fix us
there we go
where we're back in action Marcus
getting the next person it's okay oh
hello bluej you are you're back I am
back welcome back to the show where you
on the last show or was it a couple
shows again Oh we'll go maybe two or
three something okay and you're from
Canada yes Kitchener Ontario Kitchener
Ontario I remember it's rainy piece
remember because your name is Blue Jay
and you are twists up so thank you so
much for your or sub what do you want to
talk about on the msi edition of hello
Emily so I was even though I'm an NA fan
I was really hyped for TL and stuff like
that going into MSI what I was really
focused on was how much so as was gonna
play after his little outburst kind of
thing on Twitter and I just think after
her after seeing MSI and after him seen
I don't know how many games he played I
know he didn't play the majority of them
I think he maybe played one or two maybe
you guys can come yet with that but my
point is is I don't think he's happy and
I don't think he's coming back to to
fnatic yeah I think yeah he played one
game is that what it was it was one okay
wasn't me playing one and in they won
but he kind of got it was one of those
like split mat games where the enemy
teams just dicks him and his team just
dicks botlane so he looked he looks
rough but that was kind of more yeah ice
dance he was way behind in farm - right
yeah well like I said it's kind of thing
where the enemy team kept going top
which would mean that the enemy's
balling was open so they were just like
mirror each other's plays and so so as
was getting crushed and then the enemy
ad was getting crushed and reckless was
really ahead right and I think that just
adds to it as well because if you want a
chance to prove yourself one game at MSI
is not a fair opportunity now granted
every team has obviously the right to
put in whoever the hell they want right
the organisation's
decision would they go with who they
think is gonna win I just think it does
kind of feel bad to see a guy who's put
so much into an organization really get
shafted yeah so I know I've said this
several times but I have an interview
with him that is what was
I thought I'd post it today but I ended
up I think I'm gonna piss it
well it'll be play it now live reveal
stream anyway so in the interview says
he's going to Korea after this with I
think caps so that's a pretty good sign
for him staying on the organization but
he definitely is not happy but tone of
the interview is not a very happy one
so no it's tweet to is tweet was like
even though he had deleted right after
he said something like I can't yeah I'm
he's a very emotional dude he's always
been one of the more emotional pros and
one of the more outspoken ones I mean
from ranting about people to whatever
but I so inside it's not surprising to
me that he would have like a bit of an
outburst at a very emotional frustrating
time for him but yeah I know I it is
interesting
right like does he stay on that team if
he's miserable and they're only gonna
play blip oh I don't know I don't know I
know
I will say Blimpo came up to me at the
venue and said to me he's a huge fan of
my work and I was very nice so I I do
like whip up you know I like so much but
I froze that do that are all right there
on another level in my book I like Joe
has ever complimented your work it's
been like seven years I don't maybe
competition came up and introduced
himself as like hey man I just want to
say I'm a big fan II work I really liked
it I was just like whoa this is a very
sick though awesome yeah I actually have
so as its tweet here says this month is
truly the worst I have ever experienced
in my life can't trust anyone and
everyone for themselves in this
industry I guess I will have a lot to
say after this year yeah yeah he's done
he's fed up recanted it yeah yeah yeah
but I think it's true colors had already
been put out I mean there were there
are many times the things that I have
said to mark and anger that later you
know anyway thought I'd be done with
hotline League you know but I think
there's definitely some validity to that
like you can definitely say like oh you
know I messed up and it's not something
I meant but I mean everybody's gonna
have that question in the back of their
head of if he did really mean it and
honestly I think he did yeah I think it
depends for me on what happens in summer
because so as it has like his injury or
whatever and then probably wasn't
playing league at all during that time I
seem if he couldn't play competitively
he couldn't play in the team you know
probably made a decision along the way
that's like we're gonna use blippo
because like not only as so as like not
playing with us he's not playing at all
and he's got to like get back into the
groove of things and then apparently he
was okay to play for one game and they
put him in verse evils the first time is
who we went up against is the worst team
there and that was like healing you know
there's like here you go so as here's
your game to this meet reading into it
but I assume they're saying this is like
the game for you to try and see if
you're gonna perform better than blippo
he didn't really play that much better
than boat so they just stuck with the
guy that they had more practice with on
the patch and like more recently this
and so I think coming into summer if so
as it is not back as the actual like de
facto starter then you'll see that other
side of him about wanting to leave
probably I think it'll be a lot up to
what happens in summer yeah I think it's
fair I think it's totally fair for
fnatic to say look this is who we
practice with this is who were going
with like that's tough she played with
one hand he was playing Dan sweat twitch
chat said oh well I think you're saying
he was streaming I have a question for
twitch and they get back to me was he
like playing well or like how well was
he playing with one hand because playing
with one hand and streaming for fun is
pretty different than like playing
competitively and being in practice so I
guess how can how well was he playing
with one hand so one of the other things
that twitch has been bringing up was
that he said that he's only the
organization so I even that might be
true
and that moment the question is if again
like if phonetic says you're on the
bench infinitely so as we've decided to
keep going with wit bocas we had a what
what do they win MSI with Whipple he
leads them to an astounding victory
you know history's made fnatic wins MSI
like she was probably not gonna be back
on that roster in the summer so I mean
they can just keep them bench because
I'm sure they have a contract with them
and lets them do that but wouldn't be
yeah surprise you guys both said it I
think it's really big like it depends a
lot on summer and I think that's true -
because whip o hasn't played a lot
whatsoever he's still like I think
everyone's still learning a lot about
what he can bring to the table - and
what if he turns out to just be a I
don't want to say I don't want to sound
toxic but like Mike Young where like
Mike Young was absolutely poppin off and
then you know now everybody's kind of
questioning like young skill you know
what I'm saying yeah I think there's
still lots to learn about him yeah you
hate Mike Young that's what that's what
I'm hearing bluej that's exactly what
I'm saying
yeah I love Mike Young but yeah yeah I
mean it's an interesting question we'll
have to see how things develop but I
think you blew J for calling in really
appreciate yeah no problem thanks a lot
guys yeah thanks for being sub yep take
care see you alright we are moving along
here mark actually oh okay mark oh okay
I need a break after this next one mr.
noodle is on the show mr. noodle where
he called from Toronto Ontario K I love
all the EU cars were getting really do
you guys copy accent do you guys talk to
each other in the waiting room yeah I
would say it's it's not typical most the
time guys just kind of sit in there if
their mics muted but yeah it's gonna be
a European guy that lives in Texas he's
like I'm originally from London but I
now live in Austin mr. noodle calling
from Toronto we've know that you can
what what do you want to talk about on
the show today
holding the the planes in the group
stage in the EU LCS video was a bit of a
missed opportunity
you'd want a smaller venue for something
like a group take and especially the
planes something like they did with
finals and na they rented out a small
theatre or some other kind of smaller
venue to give the tournament more rather
than just being in the same thing that
anybody you want is you know CLC's every
single week especially the groups and
groups in Brazil last year and it could
have been a lot more exciting yes
favourite topic yes I always feel bad
bringing it up one more time but now
that it's all over
yes I like I've talked about this for a
while mr. noodle I don't know if you've
seen any makeup like conversation about
it on pastel line leagues and in I did a
video that was up just about literally
like how it sucks that the venue's are
getting smaller the events are getting
smaller
yes I cannot say enough I think I'm
trying to think about it so China Korea
na I think every team except for a
Europe and Evos there's maybe one who am
I forgetting something anyway they they
all played in a smaller venue than they
normally play their normal League
matches right like that the LPL venue
definitely is bigger lck venue
definitely
I'm almost certain a name Anthony was by
twice as many seats like it is crazy to
me that you qualify imagine a world
where fanatic fanatic did not win that
tiebreaker they qualified for an msi
that happened in their region and the
only place they got to play was the same
studio that they play the rest
of their games like there's so people
some people are saying that because of
the times that they were scheduling it
they couldn't have filled a venue I
think one there were people that wanted
to go they couldn't go and even as a
stood like there were people that were
sitting on the ground till to watch it
that came in from the press room and
from so many other and yes I do think
that scheduling in a different time
would have allowed more people but look
you can find a venue there were 170
seats you could have found a thousand
person venue even a thousand person
venue would have felt better than what
they had like you can always go I'm not
saying they need an 8,000 person arena
but find just something that is that is
not to eat while see a studio that feels
better even if it's like you could have
found 200 people to do that especially
part of the reason why it's always hard
filling that studio by the way is
because it's in the middle of nowhere
Allen and Berlin you have to basically
drive 30 minutes out to get to it
you know I just fine find something it
could be in Berlin fighty Oh again he's
a movie theater but fine find something
because it's just not was it sold out
every day yes like was it full so you
could say at least it looked like Kyla's
could've got somewhere bigger I went and
sat in the audience and as soon as a bro
denied it wait Brendan steal his
headphones literally fell asleep oh and
also steal all that phone's guy's head
with his head was okay I went and sat in
the audience with Broder on the first
day and I was told you cannot sit in
this audience we have to we need every
seat we can and there were people
sitting at the front of the studio or
let's friend the building trying to get
in and so then I had to go sit in the
front row of which is on the ground and
there was a metal bar that went into my
back it was not great so yes they could
there were it was sold out they could
have had him by the way like all right
this is a rough estimate but maybe a
fifth or fourth of the audience were
what I believe believes I would
speculate to be LPL fans that flew to
Berlin to be to support RNG at that in
the group stage like there's a good
chance that you could have even sold
more there were probably more LPL fans
that would have liked to have come I
actually talked to player two fans that
were there and would have gone to all
five days but could only get tickets to
a couple days and what I got more you
could have definitely sold more
tournaments especially done different
stages of the tournament in different
cities so you could have especially in
Europe where flights are relatively
cheap and it's relatively easier to get
from one city to another than in North
America you could really embrace the
whole different regions aspect the you
LCS likes to push and maybe have the
play in stage I don't know
in Malmo let's say yeah and then you
could do another one then like Marseille
and then you go to Paris or something
like that I think that would have been
hard for them to do because they had to
move all the gear and everything around
but I I do think I mean they could have
done they could have been planes in the
US history Oh group stage and a bigger
venue somewhere in Berlin or in the
surrounding areas and then or in Paris
and then you know playoffs in the the
bigger venue in Paris also by the way
the Paris venue is not that big this is
a venue that these and 2014 all-stars
it's a great venue I love it I'm excited
to return to it although casters and
broadcasters I've talked to are excited
to return to it but like you probably
could have just done it there 10 groups
it's there so I don't know one of the
interesting things about this is a lot
of people don't know this i hunters on
the chest thing hunter thinks there's a
good amount of people here I think this
is yeah
it's acceptable crazy sometimes Sorry
Sorry Sorry
so a lot of people don't know this but
they've talked about early of reference
to publicly so I feel bad saying it but
riot it kind of divides their eSports
team into like sent like a couple
different teams right there's like the
NA team that you team then there's
something called central that is in
charge of running these international
events and putting them together what is
very interesting about this tournament
in particular I feel like is central see
okay if you put this on you would think
a EU is looking for permanent
partnerships and franchises right you
want to show like look how awesome
eSports in Europe can be for League of
Legends so you should it is they are
incentivized right now they should just
be running this as like an ad campaign
for like it was ten million euros and
give us the best application ever for EU
LCS next year so in my opinion they
should have like really blown it out
pretty that EU time saw at China times
whatever but instead this EU event
it's very heavily like even the fact
that like okay so granted this is
because normally the first seed place
first but I still think it's actually
really bad that like the fnatic match is
on a Friday instead of a Saturday so I
don't know I I just feel like MSI this
year has been run pretty nah I'm not I
don't mean look they're great people
that are on the ground every day doing
the stuff and coordinating it and
working hard but the planning around and
some of the high-level decision-making I
think is very questionable because it's
better for the audience well I will say
as if you are online well that didn't
bother me as much as I thought it would
but that's also just because I basically
watch the games then all tap out and
because I don't watch the EU LCS that
often seeing them standing in front that
big screen in those desks like was still
a new enough experience for me I think
is probably if you're someone who watch
Europe more often it probably woulda
bothers you even more she's like you
know as expected they didn't like have
that mini at least I didn't see that
many sweeping shots to the audience
beyond like the hi-5 stuff so so for me
it wasn't it wasn't as bad as I thought
it would would feel but that's like
making the best of a bad situation was
like that's didn't feel terrible not
like that was really high yeah 19 heart
cm and twitch SS are you afraid that
League is slowly dying no in fact from
what I understand like a lot of the
viewership numbers look pretty good for
in both EU and North America for this
split compared to last year right which
was not
certainly indicate that it's dying the
problem is is that like in a world where
people are talking about is lis dying
like making it look like your
international event is like falling from
grace it's just I just don't it's such a
bad idea
I disagree people say like the the
online experience ceremonies and like
all that stuff can be pretty hype even
for a group stage or um playing stage of
worlds out in China in front of like a
pretty decent-sized audience they all
got like a standing ovation and cheers
and like that's still cool and like the
fact of the matter is like the
announcement for the players the first
time that they all played I did watch
that because they did that before each
team played because their stage is too
small to present all the players at the
beginning so they had to only present
two teams before they actually played
and like those moments I think matter
yeah because it goes beyond like your
initial viewing experience like because
I I think it's pretty hype to see
everyone in front of arena and everyone
going apeshit or they all like play
their games you lose that and then you
lose like any sort of video material
that would look cool like you don't get
nearly as many awesome shots as like any
of the team media as someone who's gonna
make it maybe documentary about this
event like whatever it is like the whole
the whole thing kind of gets hit down a
little bit and just to finally wrap it
up because I know people are tired of
this topic like it just feels so bad
that you qualify from this like these
major events like in Copenhagen for EU
lck finals had this awesome ship even
like people were down about the Miami
event I thought was pretty cool you
qualified to go play and they you else
yesterday anyway thank you so much Cody
before we go says the most memorable
part of our 2016 MSI run was the group
stage where the event was constantly
roaring venues matters so much thank you
mr. noodle for calling in thanks mark I
need to uh need to need to talk a little
bit about something you know with that
Oh
yeah is it omen by it is HP over by
excrete our sponsor for this show
they've been sponsoring the show for
quite some time now we appreciate their
continued support is amazing to have
them on it and by the way the computer
that I am running a son that I am I'm
streaming it I am recording it locally
all the stuff off of a laptop which is
not not always the easiest thing of you
I've got like a stream coming in from a
DSLR camera all this so is being handled
by this beast laptop let's Ullman buy HP
that sits in front of me that omen
hooked me up with thank you so much to
them you guys have been tweeting you've
been tweeting at me tweeting at Holman
you've been talking about all the great
gear and the great experiences you've
been having with them thank you so much
they've got into the space a couple
years ago and they they support
everything from like overwatch League
all we do a show like this which is it's
really fantastic of them you guys might
notice that they have been doing some
content with CLG because they sponsor
CLG you can go check all that stuff out
on their Twitter which is owned by HP
they tweet out a lot of stuff over there
and they actually I was a twitch handle
which is also owned by HP where they run
things like the almond dojo
I don't know I I just I would say it's
been it's been fantastic working with
those guys I think they've maybe got
some other cool stuff coming down the
con of a pipeline for content that maybe
I I can't talk about but excited about
what they've got going on excited about
their gear they never told me that I had
to like endorse the gear they just had
talked about the brand but honestly like
I will say this life I've had great
experiences with all the girl that they
sent my way mark normally shows a
keyboard at this point in time but
unfortunately he's traveling so you
can't do that what I can't do it because
omen by HP has actually bought me a
villa in Europe which is where I'm at
right now for the event yes they didn't
want to didn't want me to tell Travis
because he would feel bad but you know
just great showing of support by these
guys to fly me out here and put me up in
this amazing place well Marcus me mean
but I'm not mean I actually they've been
a great they've been a great partner for
the show we thank them so much for their
support really really appreciate it so
thank you so much to you omen by HP
I'm moving on to our next color which we
should have any second here before we go
Tony chimed in a little bit more about
it's just like imagine all those like
crazy shots of like you know the images
of like the players like I don't
remember if you remember like CLG like
have all those like dabs and stuff that
they were doing in front of like a huge
arena and Tony looked like he was gonna
kill somebody in those pictures like so
much of the media that was around that
event was like extra height because of
how like the venue and stuff like that
yeah yeah that's I thought more about
that's just like goddamn that's true
like there's so much stuff that goes
into Lee I mean the the opening
ceremonies the opening ceremony had like
all the drawing on the ground and all
that like awesome stuff the opening
ceremony for MS I was like hey we're
here in the EU LCS - yeah I'll get the
next person yeah oh yeah somebody asked
bruton is hiding there's an Owen by HP
laptop that he is editing on right
behind me he's working on you can see in
the background he's behind that you can
basically see out see it like there's
his hands but that's this computer that
home and Demopolis so thank you so much
to omen or their support we're joined
right now by pandemonium i-88 who i
believe is on one of the early episodes
of the show yes yeah exactly just want
to think it's 9:00 or 10:00
okay where are you calling from I'm from
London okay so I'm in Paris right now
and I think London it's pretty close
what's that noise that you okay well are
you calling from London good - good to
have you on the show
Oh what by the way is this a much better
time for you I see oh yeah it's great
but comparatively yeah well I was hoping
you you'd have a lot of enthusiasm but
you're like yeah that's a little bit
better oh listen it's really great it
didn't sell me on it sounds like now go
back to the old time Travis British
people are not great at say
enthusiasm what do you want to talk
about on the show pandemonium so it's
kind of going back to that week Wow
sorry 9 or 10 topic which is where I
said that liquid don't have enough carry
for its internationally and my original
premise was in comparison to echo
thoughts CLG hundred fiends and TSN now
III straight-up will say I might have
been wrong on a couple of those but I
still think that my view that this
realistically international carry level
of Team Liquid is basically only double
lift and I think whilst their overall
team synergy and strength working
together is enough to win na I don't
think that that players are strong
enough individually to ever really
succeed whereas I feel like the ceilings
of those other teams are higher and it's
kind of just going back to that and if
we feel like that original premise is
more meets now that they've won a nail
actually better okay so what just to be
really clear are you is this one of
those like my echo Fox would have done
better if they qualified for this type
of arguments not necessarily because I
liquid work clearly the best in na I'm
thinking more like broadly and perhaps
looking forward to Worlds that the
individual carry fret is greater to
reach a higher peak a possible higher
ceiling as an na representatives okay
alright I like that take a lot more
because I don't I don't like when people
were like Mackey assume like the guy
that ticked parth off really badly when
he was like bid TSM sucks other teams
would have does so much better at all
these international events I'm not
convinced anyone would have done better
than TL like someone asked me who do I
think would have made it out of group
station I was like TSM if they were
playing well but TSM hadn't been playing
that well split aside for like those
last couple weeks at the end and then
clearly that didn't translate the
playoffs so who knows but I think this
is a
weird tournament to either help or hurt
your argument because wherever you land
on either side of this argument that TL
doesn't have enough carry threats or
they're fine
you will have evidence that you can
point to from this tournament to support
your argument so if you don't think that
they have enough like well they didn't
make it and double if was the only one
who was carrying and po belter had to
get put on malzahar due to you because
he couldn't play anything else at that
event an impact was his best on tanks
yada yada yada so that's one argument
you can make it on the other side it's
like yeah but they were in a tiebreaker
and almost got out like they clearly
could have been playing better and if
they didn't have those confidence issues
at the beginning and they just played at
a regular level the whole time then they
would have made it out and then they
clearly don't need more carry threat so
it's it's a it's a really weird torment
because they both look terrible and
looked good enough in the same event and
and you can really kind of go on either
side of it okay but my question to my
question is when I was asked on the show
you said that you felt a big strength of
liquid that would help to perhaps like
cover up this potential for is the
synergy of and like teamwork of only and
in smithy working together says my
vision and stuff and I feel like that
particularly murk said that that's a
stupidest thing I've ever heard said he
said there was a potential strength
looking back to the mortals and you've
got to remember this was when I first
learned then it was after only one week
so we could only really refer back leer
I did not say that that was mark well I
mean I would say that the old part
clearly didn't work out but the teamwork
from Team Liquid was still kind of air
like they did play around double if
pretty well and in the games that they
were winning while double if was clearly
the prime wasn't like all their the only
thing that they could do was go bot lane
like they did do some other stuff so
yeah like their team works alright
and smithy was really really good this
tournament he double it both we're
amazing so like you know I'm not
I'm not ready to say that like this
teamliquid won't like depending on group
job knock it out of groups like I think
they can but I I personally am a little
bit more on pandemonium said where like
I pull belt who needs to show more
because because that was in the audio
tournament at all yeah well alters weird
and that he there are moments where I
really feel like he has the potential to
be like one of the greatest and a mids
you know like even if he's not like the
flashy guy he gonna still show a lot of
consistency and be where he needs to be
in the map and all that stuff and then
there's just some times where I'm like
alright bring over another European
exactly Thank You caps for thank you for
that ik for advertising a new exciting
opportunity for North America we
shouldn't say that during European are
so we hit people unfollowing
listen you're about zero franchising um
anyway
yeah with Poe Beltre it's like
especially coming after a Finals MVP and
like looking like amazing and like
looking like he fight like he played his
ear a lot in that serious like all like
three out of four games or something but
either way like you know you thought
like this was a tournament that he
should go out and look decent in
especially cuz the mid pool like isn't
super dominant like war zone sucks Yahoo
did not look particularly great this
tournament maple and caps were really
good and BDD was really good but like
you got to be able to play against those
really good mid laners and it's in a
feel like he could do it and like they
picked him some weird stuff like ko
Belcher just doesn't scream a Yasuo
player to me so he got locked in his
first competitive yah so is kind of like
oh boy sorry do you see a PO Belton's so
no key win rates on his new account is
something like cuz obviously starts
quite low he has like a 70 plus win
where win rates and everything and then
I thinking yeah so he had like 40 in
their mighty since then but this was a
few days back and
or maybe he's got three percent on the
other ones or what yeah yeah either way
like it was it was just pretty funny cuz
it's like he's in the Z or Victor Rhys
car like you know he's always such like
a stable mid lane player for the most
part that like you put him on this like
crazy assassin hmm but then when he did
end up back on those picks he still
didn't look that much better in the
felling malzahar was the only thing that
they had success on it's the point that
they first picked malzahar in a game
like that's that's the level that they
were at you know
yeah and then that makes me think can
you ever trust Poe Beltre to true the
career internationally impacts always
best on tanks i double if we know now
we'll perform to some level but my point
is amazing but to be fair to
pandemonium's point you don't know what
meta you're gonna get in like this was a
good bot lane meta for the most part
like a lot was very heavily decided
around your bot lane and yeah
all the best bot learners in the world
were there and like doublelift
definitely cemented himself as a carry
player in an international stage but
like you're not guaranteed to get that
meta like you can get the utility ad
carry meadow where it's Jin forest ash
and they like they just are alt bots and
then like who's carrying this team what
even if it's a jungle carry matter who's
won I haven't yet mentioned I feel like
it's Miffy is genuinely a really really
good jungle but he's not occurring he's
much better yeah he's like a full belt
here in that sense where he's not you're
not gonna fit of money like playmakers
yes I'm the kind of player
well yeah I think I'm not sure quite
sure cuz like he has played like he has
played graves in Ezreal like he did that
worlds and like he was pretty good on
them but I agree like if it's not it's
not ideal for Team Liquid for sure like
this was their ideal meta
completely and they still wasn't like
good enough for them to get through yeah
yeah I'm very here's what because only
this twitch chat brought up like I've
always thought Peter was a decent gym
player mark was gym just like
and that's what happening where I don't
know
I think gin was fine I've liked their
games where I didn't like it where there
was a lot of tanks and they were still
like but they were taking it early so
it's a lot of time you didn't know that
you're gonna end up in this heavy tank
comp thing yeah I agree it probably
wasn't the best pick in the meta like I
I don't care I think Peters gin was
something that like my understanding of
double if having talked to a lot of
people who work with him or her on this
team and stuff like that is this he has
all things considered a pretty limited
effective champion pool where like he
gets really good on like three to four
champions and that's mostly what he
wants to play and like gin was one of
them this time
and like it's not beneficial to push him
outside of his comfort zone that's my
understanding of like doublelift and
like I think gin
like people were point to the gin in the
first four days and I'm like why are you
concerned about gin like look at what's
happening on the team so I I personally
have a big problem with the gin I
thought there at times it was fine in
times there it was not yeah it just felt
we were in that orangey game where it
felt like both teams were like all right
we're in on this Susie versus double
lift thing and Uzi is on cog and Peters
on gin and I'm like it just it felt like
a weird setup yeah I know people are
saying like gin is not a hyper carry
he's not so he's not kog'maw like but at
the same time if jean is what works for
them and they're gonna play with the gin
pick them like that's where they have
their most practice that's where they're
most comfortable yeah I think they can
win with it they had won with it but
yeah I understand why people aren't
happy to see the gin pick but I don't
think you can look back at this
tournament be like man there was a major
problem at this tournament and that was
the gin pick yeah well you won't or the
support that's the problem is there's
all these little things right so you you
could make that argument of everything
like it wasn't like pull belt oh there
was a pole Belcher is not the major
reason Team Liquid lost I don't know if
Olie was the major reason they lost like
it was
just sort of flat team falling apart in
a lot of different ways like every team
at that event lost games and like looks
bad for stretches orangy didn't look
that great at some points Kings didn't
look vulnerable at points lady everyone
has problems and like pick/ban things
come up and like when I'm trying to
identify why one team is losing more
than another team I'm not gonna look at
like this what tiny minor draft wrong me
to break down a specific game like yes
Jim was okay here no John was not okay
there but like you can do that with
every team and like if I'm walking away
from this international tournament like
what are my takeaways the djinn pick is
not a take yeah yeah I was asking yeah
pandemonium thank you so much for your
calls can I just say one thing sure I
just want a shout out I mean by HP fault
just in in great people thank you so
much for sharing I love it when you guys
do that thank you so much I'm hearing
that there's an echo so well no no
that's fine I think it's I need to fix
it I think you though is anything next
to give you a chance to give me a second
all right can you say something hello
this is Mark I'm talking about
League of Legends okay I think I think
we should weaken no I think we should be
good
oh wait no that wouldn't be it would be
it'd be when we talk at the same time so
we're both talking right now
and you're not talking so I'm just
talking and I feel real lonely and I
wish you were here with me Travis okay
in my villa by H omen Penelope I do want
to shout at a couple people by the way
before he shut out these folks I just
want to say a lot of great support from
all you guys in supporting my trip over
here I think we're broke I think we're
at like I think we're on track to get
about five K for this trip which is is
well about where I was hoping about what
I was expecting so thank you for that
you guys been fantastic my patreon is
almost at 2k which I'm hoping we can
maybe hit that so thank you so much to
everybody who's is helping out a couple
people let's see
crossbow burrito fragbite light be smart
panda epic boba Cola seven hundred bits
ribbon shoe subbed sand Petoskey donate
$3 and said greetings from Poland I'm
proud of you keep it up EU greater than
na j4e ole recept thanks for the account
at man Abu Sione random throw aways
double double zero sort of boss like
donate $5 black dough of war dev war
we're Squatch and sculpted soldier
reserved for five months there's some
more but I'll get to them after the next
call as mark goes in to pull the next
person very excited about that I was
doing who we're gonna talk to you next
it'll be great alright while he's gone
the Ghost Rider resub big bang zero to
big diesel to millimeter or big diesel
to M thread ash sent 500 bits thank you
everyone for the support we're all
caught up now I am trying to raise funds
for a messiah because i don't have a
sponsor so if you were unaware of that
you can hit up the support link the
patreon like just okay is on the show
right now just ok
where are you calling from oh you're a
little quiet I'm gonna turn you up a bit
ok what's that again oh yeah from
Southern California whereabouts in
Southern California like an hour east of
LA like two Hills area like Rancho
Cucamonga area yeah yeah yeah ok I know
it well unfortunately Wow what do you
it's you know it's just ok that's what I
would say just ok what do you want to
talk about on the show
yes I was calling to talk about how I
think that na as a whole is fine
mechanically and actually and also their
team playing I think that what they lack
is like a certain clutch back there and
especially international tournament we
have a team named clutch yeah yeah over
the over like over certain are national
tournaments you can see some teams have
this or like I've found this kind of
clutch factor but for all a lot of teams
are just lacking in like delivering one
and even when it most matters okay
that's a fairer thing but let me ask you
what is what is a clutch factor can you
define a clutch factor cuz like I I
think that's one of those terms that it
sounds great because you're like oh man
these teams just clutch it out but
ultimately it's it's like a good
catch-all phrase for a bunch of other
things right like oh they just have good
players that can make plays when they
need to or oh this team is consistent or
whatever like I maybe you can help me
understand what you mean by a clutch
factor yeah I think like having good
players and like B and players that are
able to show up when when they might
feel uncomfortable or like the
competition's a lot better or things
like that right even if you look at
other kind of teams I'm thinking like
back in World when I forget the name of
the ADC that they're hyping up from
China it's like nom-a-nom me yeah yeah
there's the best thing that's ever
played in a lot of years and didn't show
up right like this happens in a bunch of
different things but I think if you look
like if you look like c9 back when I
played in Worlds and it was a do-or-die
scenario when they were also just got
boosted out of a tiebreaker or intuitive
record like the same way that
fanatically this and pass em aside right
when they showed it to the tiebreaker
they're just like okay well now it's
time to win and then just be be what was
in Aussie and white or whatever um so
this is this this what I'm saying is
like what it matters that you play to
the skill level that you have shown that
you can play to and I think that what do
you think of like seeing liquid they I
think in a I've shown that there
actually
really good and this is something that I
disagree with the last caller where they
didn't they said he didn't have any
carry players I think they have a lot of
carry players I said that the carry
player when it matters most don't plates
the level that they have shown that they
can play to you I don't expect them to
play it much beyond that level but like
the clutch factors at least planks the
level that you you have played to if
they play to that level and then just
loss and that's another thing but I
think they played far below that level
or basically spending the entire
tournament trying to scale up to do that
level before they actually and then by
the time they got that starting over I
think they basically had it fixed by day
three I think the team liquid that you
saw from day three onwards was like just
the team liquid of who they were so but
I do agree for like the first portion I
would say to some extent I would say
North America seems to have a mental
block again I look in international
tournaments because like we always do
poorly everyone thinks like we suck and
then it's like this is the year the fans
hopes get hyped up again and then they
go out there and they struggle so I
would I would buy the argument that like
one of North America's all is is their
mental game because like the North
America week two thing always seems to
happen is that mentality or is that
people adapting TSM last year I think it
was pretty obvious that they had like
huge confidence issues and then
doublelift had that players should be
you an article where they talked a lot
about that or where he talked about and
how like how just high tense house like
uncomfortable everyone clearly was with
that event so I would somewhat by the
idea that North America needs to work on
slash fix it's a like mental mental game
yeah I just feel like like this is this
is obviously like III don't know what
goes on and the players and you know
what's on behind the scenes would it
feel like you know every region has to
deal with you know coming in
international tournaments meeting all
these people and you know all these
players were at their best of the
regions you know fighting for like for
every game in every inch but I feel like
North America consistently comes up less
and I don't really know why
that is well III also just fundamentally
think we are not as good as some of
these other regions like I don't want
people to get the wrong idea and think
I'm saying look no we're just there with
them it's just mental game
yada-yada-yada I think there are some
areas in some like things that are
indicative of the fact that we are not
as good yeah that's right
like if you take our 1 2 3 versus other
regions 1 2 3 I think pretty often we
are weaker but that doesn't mean that
like we can just never get out of groups
and the out bla like will never be good
like I think we clearly showed that we
are close but like yeah I think we do
seem to have having read about the
environment that double have felt about
TSM at 2017 Worlds having watched what
just happened at this one it's like hmm
that is clearly not a team that is like
mentally ready to go and like psyched up
to play yeah I know there's a couple of
different things here one is I don't
understand why there's like a mental
component that is still plaguing these
players if there is one because either
they've just lost so many times at
international events that they can't
seem to get past that because it's not
like these are rookies right like how
many times of these players been at
international events or at least a man
if you brought an ounce like just to
like big stages and here they were
playing in the EU LCS studio so which we
talked about earlier um so it's hard to
understand how I don't like the nerve
thing is just weird to me because I just
don't understand why that's that's
that's like how competition like the
best players in the world at multiple
sports always still like get nervous
like there's no level where nerves don't
affect like let you figure out how to
deal with them eventually
well you should if you're good but
that's what I'm saying if some people
don't like there are players you like
you know the Super Bowl is a great
example we're like some people are just
like they get way too in their own head
about and they freak out it's such a big
event
same with like NBA Finals LCS finals
like it happens to spite the fact that
like you might have played a ton and
that's why in my thing that you didn't
watch I talked about a Bill
Russell 11-time NBA champion won the
most championships of any player ever
tied with like this one other like
soccer player I think he would vomit
before games he would always vomit
before games and like later on in his
career he got it a little bit more under
control but he was still vomit before
important games and his team actually
liked when he threw it because they knew
that meant he was like psyched and ready
to go and that's a guy who dealt with
stress the way that it worked for him
and like you would not think vomiting
before matches and games and then going
out and playing basketball is a good way
to like be prepared to play but that's
what works for him and so I don't care
if you're a six-time LCS champion and
you go out to the international stage
and you vomit before you play if that's
what works for you great I just don't
think a lot of the NA players have a
seem to deal with stress that well based
off what I read about from their team
environments when they talk about it
later or like when a player benches
himself after one day of competition
like that doesn't scream teams that are
mentally prepared for me I mean yeah I
don't I don't expect anybody who's not
be nervous obviously like there's a lot
of pressure and that kind of thing but I
feel like they just and I don't know if
this is like a sports psychology issue
or how this would be diagnosed but they
don't know how to channel this like this
nervousness into like a good thing or
like at least keep it under control or
that kind of thing I mean Travis talked
about it earlier like it gets in their
head I honestly do think that that's a
huge part of what happens international
I feel like people out to meme about it
but I feel like when you know they see
all these you know week two na 0:10 all
these memes and kind of things even when
the first week goes by and they're up to
one in the group stages and then they
lose the first game on in the week to I
feel like they're like oh no is it
happening and they're never like laugh
at it but I think it's like a legitimate
thing where they might actually be in
their heads thinking oh it might
happen again
and they don't really know how to deal
with it cuz they don't really want to
like face the reality that you know if
will happen again if you don't you know
if we changed are made and so then it
just does happen again
and like every law that happens just
builds upon the last loss and then it
just becomes a snowball and then it's
over at that point I just think that a
lot of it goes back to like if you just
look at doublelift and always
communication at the start of this split
yeah I went to dinner with them oh my
god people can play about my story here
comes Travis's peer didn't buy me fries
story Olli was really disappointed in
Peter because he didn't buy him fries at
Shake Shack there's a prophecy that I
had that I knew that there'd be
communication issues communications so
issue somebody I couldn't even predicted
but Olli would sum himself out at an
international event I tried to move
travesty or the other channel in discord
but then I realized that wouldn't mute
him for the stream because the streams
on his end
exactly you would have saved yourself
but not anyone else you know it's like
instead of jumping on the grenade you
just throw the grenade into the audience
you know what a hero anyway yeah we've
talked about this I think enough maybe
there's some sort of nerve component
maybe there's a clutch factor I don't
know just okay yeah but I I do hope when
you figure it out I mean how you don't
think it's all the same you know I dunno
there's one boy that performed at this
event one event and it was the guy who
picked out such amazing interviews did
you see like on a second don't lift a
wreckless interview there's water
there's a count on that these things to
perform well and that's me it was there
I said another what huh
thank you just ok for your call yeah
thank you
Travis why do you think North America
sucks because I never tried to make it
onto one of these teams
that is a great cop-out answer uh no I
mean did you
which channels yeah no no um we have a
smaller player base we have a smaller
player base and I think their starts
become a mental component of it's like
the little brother complex right like
we're not ever gonna be as good as Korea
so you never I don't know I think that's
parting I think small player base I
think soloqueue here is where see I am
such people meme about it like it is a
component where it's like we're more
spread out we play on higher ping
people don't take it as seriously at
high yellow because streaming plus the
fact that like pro players are like I
think it's a different culture out here
where it's very very like it tries to be
so organic and all-encompassing of your
life where it's like yeah we're gonna
work out and have all this great stuff
and it's like yeah the Koreans probably
work harder than us as well as having a
better player base with higher ping and
a better infrastructure with people who
like will listen to their coaches more
and it's less ego driven though so
probably some like I think it's a whole
bunch of things combined together but
yeah yeah and we where we can't we keep
throwing money at the problem but it's
not working for some reason works really
well on the rest of the things that
America does but I think we just need
more monies is the problem dude donated
$11.80 says you managed to make
interviews both entertaining insightful
keep up the good work thank you so much
Marc you can grab the next color now oh
yeah I already did dude I need you to
tell me two things
we've got Aubree on the show right now
Aubree where you calling from
hey Travis I'm calling from Toronto
Canada but it's like the third Canadian
and the second Toronto and we're pretty
popular yeah we love your stream oh
thank you I wish I liked Toronto what
what do you want to talk about on the
show today
I want to talk about you know with Olli
having that mental breakdown
you know MSI what do you guys think
about having in-game time outs in league
and I think there's you know there's two
ways you can have it right you can have
in game timeouts with just players and
then you can have in-game timeouts where
the coaches would come out but then the
coaches would only need to have their
team's perspective when they're in the
back rooms or something so but I just
wanted to talk about the whole concept
of having in-game timeouts in league
this sounds crazy to me but I'm gonna
let mark go for it cuz he's like the
coach guy well I think it depends what
you're looking to get out of them I
think the idea of a in-game timeout
helping to calm a player down it depends
on the degree of which the player is
freaking out if you're having a panic
attack
yeah it's not gonna help that much it
might help a little bit but it probably
won't help a ton the aside from might be
emotional and aspect do you see any like
strategic value to having any in-game
timeouts for anything like that yeah I
think there's a lot of strategic value I
just don't know exactly how to implement
like if it seems losing by a little bit
and they play a big pick to bad fights
coach calls a timeout goes on stage like
you guys are picking bad engages da ala
you're doing this you're doing this
wrong settle down do this yadda yadda
yadda I think that'd be cool
as someone who likes to see like coaches
being more involved in the game but I
also think a big part of what makes
League cools it does feel kind of these
5 guys vs these 5 guys and then like
trying to find a way to make the
timeouts work it's so difficult because
does the coach like call it and like run
on stage like because the coaches
usually watching from a different room
where you can listen to known mcoms does
that mean that you need a hook a
microphone up then and then he can talk
to them just like the logistics of how
this would actually work is so difficult
on top of like can you ever find a place
in the game where it's appropriate to
call for a timeout who requests the
timeout is a ref they're deciding if the
timeouts good to go based on like you
know what people say as dead ball state
and things like that like you get so
many problems that it just probably
never happened and you're only doing it
to like there's not even a problem
you're trying to fix with this like
that's the things like when you propose
the solution of something there needs to
be a problem and then you weigh how
important the problem is that you're
fixing against how difficult the
solution is to implement and it's a
really difficult solution for a
borderline non-existent problem so I
don't think you'll ever see timeouts
like that yeah I agree I think it's
unfortunate that we don't we live in a
world where there are more best of
threes and best of fives because that
real quick question am i muted on skype
I am you do landscape why are people
hearing the echo I think it I think it's
because I'm not wearing headphones and
it's the same laptop is the mic on it
that's using that's spitting out the
speakers I don't have a good fix for it
I just don't know why it comes and goes
like sometimes people say they hear it
and sometimes they don't I turn I turn
the volume down to a point where I can
barely hear it and then people still
hear the echo so I don't know I'll keep
it ultra now um uh I think it's stupid
that we don't live in a world where
there are more best of threes and best
of fives because that's when because
that's when you you don't get solution
cuz you can just do this you can have
those conversations in between the games
so like if a player is like having some
sort of mental issue like you've got at
least like 10 minutes like talk them
through it figure stuff out except for
the next game starts so I don't know
yeah yeah except there already are time
outs in a series yeah yeah yeah I see
some people saying like time outs and
make players just mechanical players
like if you're doing one time out a game
let's say per team like and they can
only last a minute it's not the coach is
gonna go in there and make them like
suddenly play correctly if they were
playing incorrectly so I don't think
that's the problem I think it's just
like how do you not interrupt five ten
people in a game all doing their own
thing cuz like the dead-ball sitting in
sports works because like the ball is
out of bounds
the ball has stopped moving there's a
single object of focus in League of
Legends there is no like object to focus
it is everyone doing their own thing at
all times so there's never a point where
like you're not interrupting somebody
unless everyone's back and base or you
just sign that in some situations it's
fine find Center
somebody you know yeah I don't know
that's an interesting thought do you
have anything else you know that you dad
Aubrey um no not that I you know you
guys brought up some really good points
that I can you know the only comparison
that I can think of would be like csgo
but even when they do have timeouts they
do have a proper you know a dead ball
state and even in their timeouts only
the coaches are able to speak and none
of the players are able to speak or
interact with each other anyway so it is
very obscure in its own way
the only other I guess alternative I can
think of as having the coach at all
funds but that was brought up a long
time ago on one of your earlier shows
Travis but that would make the game
really really boring yeah yeah nothing
thank you every so much for the call
thank you there shouldn't be any echo
cuz I can't hear whoever stuff like that
I can barely hear people talking to me I
would shout out any subs or bits or
anything like that but there are no new
ones so we'll stay here in silence nope
we won't have j4 yo is here is that how
you say J for y'all
not really it's Jo actually sorry I
think I'm gonna turn my speakers up in
Korean echo what you say Oh Jo
actually I guess young and stupid and a
streamer I like use the floor as a so
okay Jo what do you want to talk about
on the show today are you calling from
sorry I'm calling from Vienna Austria
Vienna Austria nice have you been on the
show before nope I'm watching your show
mostly as BOTS because you know the time
is hard for you but I've watched every
single hot Lindy okay well thank you so
much I'm glad that we had a show where
you could call him what what do you want
to talk about
preface I'm more of an na fan than an EU
fan he will appear to like you on the
show yeah the the thing the one thing
I'm worried about is that with and I put
failures in my heart take in exclamation
marks because I don't actually think
that neither fanatic nor dirty liquid
should regard what they were doing this
MSI as a failure totally just they
probably won't win and they won't win
for a long time as well as in words like
win the tournament and I'm worried that
these continued failures will make
people who care who are not as
passionate about the game as leaked the
people investing in franchising ask
themselves why is a lot of my money
flowing towards events where we're never
gonna generate a lot of success and you
know the whole narrative that it's all
about worlds we know ruling worlds is
the big thing everyone strives for
devalues the regional titles a little
bit so these people are gonna ask
themselves why are we investing so much
and it's something that we'll never
achieve and I'm a little worried that
people will start like organizations
will start pulling out of League eSports
again because of that well what I would
say to that if they don't know if it
matters as long as everyone's to making
money so I think these organizations
want to win I think the local or
regional based wins can give them
something to couches like over the best
team in Europe or whatever and even if
they don't win worlds if they make good
money from their team making it to
worlds and performing there even if it
doesn't they don't make it past you know
quarters or whatever I think then
they're okay staying invested right like
the the reason a business exists in
eSports is not to win it's to make money
winny helps you make money but if you
can make money
winning you can still justify your
business so of course that's nothing
like the average viewer knows but let's
say you know it's worlds and there's
three teams from an a going there okay
now let's say all those three teams like
they they have to go to Korea and they
have to live there and they have to get
have staff over there and I mean just
going to Worlds costs a lot of money
initially yes so if they all drop out in
groups which is not unprecedented are
they making money is there is there a
net gain
who is there the three most popular
teams in North America three most
popular yeah
TSM c9 and probably wasn't apiece now
what about before this year before this
year probably instead of one of the
thieves CLG yeah so what are the three
teams that have been to world's most and
its existence yeah well these teams yeah
so yes they're not like whoo we've made
all this money from world from skins or
whatever but I like going to Worlds
increases your I think is a very big
marketing tool for your team and the
fact like whatever cloud 9 you know
makes it through the gauntlet qualifies
in and then outperforms the rest of the
NA teams that's really good for cloud 9
and that's like I'm stuff that builds
fandom Li the documentaries and content
and everything that's produced at Worlds
is part of that the fact that at MSI
Team Liquid was able to sell out of a
America Jersey as part of that so yes I
do think and and and I think you were
more likely to answer ships if you are a
team that makes it's a world so I do
think that yes it they are like Worlds
does generate revenue just not in a very
obvious way
ideally ideally in the future
riot is able to do a rev share with a
crop out to all these different leagues
and then you know the teams that are may
be participating in Worlds get a good
cut of that so I think that's down the
road but I think it's a mentality and
world should make a ton of money
comparatively to other things and
because the the viewing hours are so
much and prestige of it is so much you
know this in some sense a Super Bowl of
League of Legends so yeah I think prize
pool from Lee Legends you don't even
hear people talk about that much anymore
I mean it's sort of come back since they
started doing like the the payout
structure with people being able to buy
award skins and stuff like that but I
think for these investors they're a lot
less concerned about that kind of money
and more about like the guaranteed
marketability and being able to sell
sponsorships and this kind of stuff is
probably what concerns them a lot more
so I don't think like losing
internationally matters to them like
it's not we've won internationally
announced it's a suddenly new problem
like I think anyone who's done their due
diligence when they invested in the
North American scene should have known
that North America doesn't win worlds
and been closed so I don't think it
should be a surprise to any investor
that we were continuing to not win
worlds that said I do think the idea of
North America being second rate region
and sucking is a problem for the
investors because of fan understanding
and perception of it but that's not like
the investors themselves getting cold
feet that's like worrying about your fan
base caring about you because she's just
like who cares if you were in North
America anymore if you just go to that
if that explaining North America it just
means the best team to lose in groups
then yeah people probably won't care
yeah that's a little bit of what I mean
I mean your point you made a very fair
and I'm good
that's a little bit what I'm what what I
sees a lot of people at least if you
believe what people write on ready and
and then in other places is that they
think like that a lot of that some fans
at least think like that I mean I
certainly still enjoy watching the end
yes a lot and I also want to say that
because a couple of weeks ago maybe a
couple of months ago there was someone
on the show actually bringing up a
similar point in saying we should cut
out all you know we should we should in
two worlds every year for example and
stuff like that I don't take that
because I mean watching this MSI and
while I agree the venue is not the
greatest it was in this was so much fun
to watch because was a hype tournaments
and it's going to be hyped for the north
at stage I think and watching worlds is
one of the coolest experience every year
usually so I don't have the solution in
like you know just don't do
international events anymore because I
don't think that would be a good idea
but yeah I do think that the you know
the there there needs to be a way for
full effect to to move advertise to the
average fan that winning na LCS in
itself is great and is something worth
cheering for and getting excited about
you know yeah I think what I don't know
they need to say hey guys this is a big
deal we know we won't win roles but I do
think winning na LCS s is usually lifted
up is a pretty big deal I mean again
like everybody lost their minds from CLG
one Madison Square Garden
even Team Liquid winning at Miami this
this past year I ther this past spring I
think what's really exciting there's a
packed audience for Oakland I agree I
think mmsi 20 2015 is like eSports goes
by so fast like 2015 he still feels like
a different era of League eSports even
though it was only two and a half years
ago almost three years ago like that is
so far removed I think from like the
current environment of League of Legends
you know it's like things go so quickly
and I do think you know to jails point
like if North America doesn't get out of
groups again let's say eff worlds they
were like maybe I mean let's see and I
got out last year but like Cena gets out
we lose in quarters like if we don't
have like
a big victory soon or something like
that like do you think Travis that like
people will start getting frustrated
even more than they have been for a
while isn't this a thing that sports
fans do all the time we're like what was
at the Red Sox that went like 50 years
without winning but then still at a very
passionate fan base that has happened
but if you have I mean like so there's
some fair weather teams and some not so
fair weather teams Boston's Red Sox were
not that fair well we're actually pretty
fair weather but they weren't super fair
weather but like like that can happen in
North America you might have fancy just
like you know what I'm done watching us
suck balls at international competition
and then when we win hopefully they all
come back but like those spins I think
we already have such a good storyline
system and like a good hook for I mean
those same fan those fans might say that
and then when they hear that
doublelift is joining echo fox next year
they're like whoa EE just gonna be
playing with Dora dock and hoody well I
got a tuna watch this you know like yeah
it's inside information so I mean that's
something is that people like to
associate worlds and then they forget it
whenever something exciting is happening
so I I'm not too worried about it I
think it's bad and it leads us out I
think certainly we'd have better
retention and maybe better growth in a
world where we're just killing it on the
international stage but I I don't think
that the death nail of legal legends
eSports in North America will be TSM
failing to make it out of groups for the
500th time so thank you so much thank
you so much jail for calling in I
appreciate it
thanks for having me have a good tow
thank you for being a sub sure sure
North American play rates will be the
death of eSports not we're not the other
way around
uh
all right we got one more caller coming
in we got a stunning day subt rage
subbed potatoes potatoes chips
19:10 subbed raised donating $10 a
professional player cannot keep this
mental on an international stage so that
player be replaced or continue to be
worked on watch me Marduk subbed I blush
I accept and lador sent $30 says hey
neighbor a chance to say thank you for
all the information caring all sorry I
bothered you anyway thank you the door
the door is a person who asked me for
advice on is here right now
welcome back onto the show or mine if
you want to remind everyone where you're
calling from
oh you're super quiet hanging oh I told
me I can put up as high as I can be on
this board as you can see go ahead
you've got better for a second there
yeah go ahead Khan you kind of go in and
out can you speak loud I'll try speaking
wound okay
that's working so I just this tournament
it's felt especially toxic and it's been
like for both teams players and
community it for me he said there's a
call that says we need to you know
there's a call and said that we need to
stop your international tournaments
that's me
on that guy and I think this is a great
example why it would benefit League if
we stopped having them so often and let
these regions focus on building
themselves all together
when you say often you count twice a
year as often I think - I see here is
way too much how often would you have it
maybe have one once every two years okay
twist shots very upset with you but why
maybe you can you can elaborate a little
bit
first of all I think that because we
have this twice a year MSI worlds types
model it forces these regions to build
their whole entire system for seasons
and and how they build their leagues
they're forced to build it around these
two tournaments which then kind of
creates this to double split narrative
which I think actually hurts you know I
think it hurts the experience does it
feels like you're rushing what could
just be like one whole season ended like
two separate parts and then there's the
point like the last claw are saying is
when you consistently do have teams you
know of all regions not performing up to
level they never believe they should it
does affect a little bit you know like
Travis you made a great point that
people get excited you know for new
changes in stock book consistently the
spring split has always been more viewed
but than the summer split despite it
feeling like that should be the more
important split everybody says oh
summer's more important some there's
more important but yeah you worship it
it's always dropped from spread in the
summer and I think it's just like kind
of a lot of that well the narrative just
becomes worlds and because it's a
narrative of worlds there are fans out
there that are just like you know I
don't you know we're not gonna you know
I've seen how the changes teams of man
so you think that getting rid of the
things that make people excited and
making them less often would help
viewership cross across the because
you're saying spring it doesn't seem to
matter because people watch more spring
than they do summer I'm saying that
people care about the teams and the
players they don't care about the
international competition as much as we
think in fact it ends up happening is if
the people who do care get upset when
things don't happen that way mercilessly
good well I was just say I just find it
weird that you think like the reason
people watch spring more than summer and
you're talking about multi-year plans is
because between worlds and spring is
when
all of the major roster changes happen
and that is when you get the most
viewership because everything is
different that's when double-f joins TSM
and like all that crazy happens
that's why people watch spring more and
then it settles and then people slowly
like tune out over the course of the
year and so if if you're telling me that
like you think the teams aren't able to
play in long term they're like but that
is showing that the long term playing
team seems to make people tune out if
you're gonna talk about team sticking
together for two or three years right
together for two or three years I'm just
saying that international competition
doesn't dry viewership on is it as a
small viewership drives that or
international competition there's a ton
of your ship at the events themselves
MSI is you listening
LPL finals have more viewership than
morals if you watched like the Twitter
twitch numbers like there was a you know
I know it's bad time for na but the
amount of people watching like the EU
from you know fnatic vs. team time
breaker was less than either E or any
finals hypothetically that tiebreaker
should be more important than a or any
Fox you know I would probably argue that
printing it on a Tuesday afternoon is
probably well na is sleeping is probably
not tonight 8:00 a.m. yeah yeah so
that's why I would say that's why
whether read like I'm not sure if you
can use that as a as an argument for it
let's say all the size all of this aside
con do you think that you could tell the
League of Legends community like hey
we're gonna only do one international
event every two years at this point and
that it would be accepted I think if you
express that you're doing this to commit
to making your own region better to
watch and you you're investing in your
region and improving that I think they'd
be okay with it if you're helping build
save fan bases for these new teams in
the in the you know if the new franchise
seems for na you like if you put more
effort have you seen
ready today with the jungle changes yes
Guk we do you really think that they'd
be okay with it sorry I'm not trying to
party right now this is a legit question
like you know they probably be pissed at
first but you know reddit was also
pissed that they took beste throughs
away and best of ones was a better
viewing experience yeah I I just don't
know if you could ever get people on
board with this idea especially when it
would be the only eSport where this type
of thing happens creating like any of
the specific numbers and things like but
also you don't I think it's also more to
do with I mean I think no matter what
riot did with League of Legends if they
were as dedicated to the LCL if they
could have done the major system or the
international or any of those things and
League of Legends eSports would've been
fine because it was basically wild
levels of popularity and they actually
supported the game correctly for
their eSports unlike Blizzard where they
just like kind of killed the competitive
scene for that like I think no matter
what riot did it would have grown to
become the biggest eSport I think the
LCS was a great choice I think all that
was really well done but like
international competition is what we all
live for like if you asked most viewers
like what we're excited about its
international competition I think if you
bully but that's we're mad because we
care that's the sign that we care around
I'm not like oh man take away this so
I'll never have to feel disappointed
again like I want people to win and then
we don't win and I'm sad but I'm not
like ah I would have rather have never
played the game I'm just saying
systematically it'll be better as a
business if we slowed it down and spread
it out more well I don't think killing
your business is a good business
decision less is more well I think the
difference is that why
can I are of the opinion that doing
something like this would have such a
crippling effect on the scene that
because I don't I don't think that the I
think the fans would like we were
talking earlier about how many times can
North America lose going to two worlds
before like fans starts to walk away I
think that's probably a while I think if
you just tell fans like see you in two
years then they'll say like alright cool
see you in two years and that's that's
what happens with the international no
one watches anything like like with dota
like everyone watches it's huge
it's amazing but then after that there's
like a couple a handful of tournaments
that get like if even a handful of get
like a hundred thousand viewers like
it's it's just that's that's no they
didn't until recently they didn't have
that I mean I do think in the Duras
system is different and what the league
system would be I just I the problem is
is like even in a world where you're
right and I should have been structured
this way for the beginning I think
somebody in twitch chat said like the
cats out of the bag a couple minutes ago
and I think that's true like I don't
think that you can once you've you've
given them this it's really hard to take
it away and that's the thing is when you
look at like I'm not even you don't even
have to use dota then look at the
Olympics who the cares yeah who the
cares about skiing except when it's
international competition who the
cares about curling and suddenly
millions of people give a about
curling like you are not gonna care
about your your region because you're
not building a storyline up to this
international competition where you're
following the best team you're just
watching these guys play knowing that
like well I'm watching second-rate stuff
it becomes like you know like I don't
watch Turkish basketball i watch the NBA
like that's what's gonna happen
basketball in Turkey is a big deal
people in Turkey wants Turkish baths
yeah but it's not a successful see NBA
they have the good players yeah
just imagine
every year you had turkey players having
to play against NBA players to say
that's their world title do you think
turkey would be better further if you
think that Turkish basketball system
would still be like having their own
league and beans success no but in a
world where you had the Turkish
basketball team play against the eight
against eight other region or sorry
seven other regions one of which is
North America and their team places
second to North America I think that
that would potentially be an event that
a lot of Turkish chants would be excited
about and if you gave them that every
single or every six months and then you
told them never mind it's gonna be every
two years I can see them being really
frustrated is the thing so yeah because
it's because it was not a global like
the world is very different now like I
said I think you know if a sport popped
up today like a physical sport you
probably see it be very international
and by the way Travis you also just said
one of the most important things their
physical sport yeah like this isn't this
isn't the physical sport it's it's fine
to do in a region or play like we're
esports what do you mean they're going
to the freakin places and playing in
person and playing baseball and Europe
just as a person can play to do things
like that you have to look to grow a
scene is so hard in a in a sport right
like how do you grow a sport really
where it's a new sport comes out how do
you make that sport popular sports are
more cultural than you think compared to
eSports and and that's I think sometimes
very important about eSports is that
anyone can play them anyone can do them
and then you can go out and usually
build your way up to the top it doesn't
require like this big infrastructure
that you're talking about well I mean
and one of the other things is like or
the reason why I think you don't see a
bigger international events is because
other than soccer there are very few
instances of sports that are wildly
popular across all these different
regions in all these different countries
and in the areas where they didn't all
pop up at the same time whereas
something like League of Legends rule to
be like an international phenomena at a
pretty similar rate and a lot of these
top countries at the same time which is
why you were able to see a world where
like everybody was able to play against
each other so I'm getting yelled at by
frost grin for there being an echo so we
probably just needs to wrap stuff up but
thank you so much con for calling in and
I appreciate your willingness to Cherie
a more controversial opinion even in a
world where twitch chat was gonna scream
at you about it I'm just always the
person I think we need to be getting
more jobs sure gotcha well thank you for
coming thank you thank you yes two days
two days out but thank you what do you
think Vietnam thinks like just what do
you mean like should be a Nam going to
these international events no I mean
like Vietnam as a region that just
started out went to MS I had a good
showing went to world's also at a decent
showing comes here now different team
different players has another good
showing I don't know what do you think
they think about international play do
you think that there they would have
preferred two years apart you think
China prefers two years apart for
another chance to like get a crack it no
I think I mean quite frankly like it's
probably fun for them to see their
players play against faker or against
doublelift or against whoever you know
like they've been I think they were in a
lot of it from minors saying a lot of
these new these emerging regions or
these regions that are coming up have
been aware of these other like players
and other regions for a while and it's
very fun for them to see their players
have a chance to go up against them so
yeah I think the point about it all
being international like if you look at
from an NA perspective I agree like
maybe you can make the argument but
it is an international scene in riot
wants to promote every region yeah and I
don't think isolating Vietnam and them
never getting like no one would have
ever respected Vietnam until they
finally played that one torment every
two years and then people get to say
flash-in-the-pan their Albus knocks Luna
it's a bunch of people
underperformed around them
TSM choked whatever it is you know how
Viet Nam's coming out there three things
in a rough and done well yeah you know I
think it is important all right well
that is the show job I'm gonna hang out
in stream for a little bit afterwards /
nasty subbed be Watts be donated $15.63
love all the content you're making over
on your YouTube channel keep it up man
thank you thank you very much for you
once I am a hangout and stream so no one
leave all right stay stay right where
you are
Mar guys I'm gonna go so I understand if
you leave mark what what do you have
what do you want to say here at the end
what do you got going on uh nothing
I only do hotline leagues idea that glt
I did a streamer showdown I was a little
busy this week its my anniversary coming
up so my girlfriend I are gonna go
camping that's about it what about you
about you big dog Travis by the way
front screen you missed the show I'm
sorry we we wanted to have a guest on
but the folks that I I asked several of
the personalities and they said they
were busy or tired or they need to get
ready so I gave up I could have asked
you but I think you just got back
probably from dinner rehearsal or
whatever you were doing um anyway for me
I am in Paris I'm here for another three
days saturday is my birthday
Brodin is leaving on my birthday the
morning of my birthday
he's ditching me it's very sad so all I
have is you people we need to get frost
curtain on as an actual guest she called
him once right yeah she called him this
would have been a
pretty good time to do that Travis yeah
well again I tried to get personalities
onto this show Europe stories like hey
hey I want to see European pierpon so I
asked a bunch of European people and
welcome I know um and did we talk about
Europe at all I didn't like I hardly saw
any topics in the discord that were like
fanatic I saw one guy who said he
thought fnatic would be rng and then I'm
actually saying I'm very I'm very close
to the right Hotel frost says she'll
walk up to the room I'm in the hotel
that is very close to you your hotel
Frost I know exactly where you are all
that now I don't know stuff do the post
show with frost grant I might go over I
might hang on this stream for a little
bit and then I might go over to the
hotel bar over there and see if
anybody's hanging out can I leave what
can I leave you can you see that the
goodbye thing and then and then and
there thanks for watching this has been
hot line League episode 27